Elevator pitch (#347)
packit-service/packit: README.md

This project provides tooling and automation to integrate upstream open source
projects into Fedora operating system.

## Elevator pitch

Packit  is a CLI tool that helps developers auto-package upstream projects
 into Fedora operating system.
With just one configuration file in your upstream repository,
packit will automatically generate RPM packages for Fedora

> and update them as you update your source upstream.

Reviewer: Lines 8 and 9 are pretty much a duplicate of lines 3 and 4.

I would replace lines 10-12 with the fact that you can use packit to continously build your upstream project in Fedora.

> With packit you can build SRPMs, trigger koji builds and even

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With packit you can create SRPMs, open pull requests in dist-git, submit koji builds and even
```
